okay so here is my Clinton Panther it's
a two and a half horse
cast iron sleeve go-cart engine so going
to be listing this on eBay I know a lot
of people were interested in buying this
off me but at the time I wasn't selling
it overall it's in pretty decent shape
I'll just go over what I know this gas
tank you can see there's a little bit of
like right light rust in there not sure
how well that's gonna show up probably
not very well at all if I'm standing in
the light a you see right there is about
the best you're gonna see so yeah it is
a little bit of rust in the tank that
would be easy enough to clean out so
there's room in here on the model number
there you go you can see it clearly
right there this tag here you can't
really read that anymore now you can see
someone did touch it up like go over it
with a brush at one time painted it you
see the original color and then what
they painted it they might have just put
that clear maybe a clear coat on it hard
to say but it looks more like a red
paint Jenna like it should be I have
lots of compression starts and runs a
nice carb could use a little bit of
tuning I did take off the bowl last fall
and just kind of checked it all it is
pretty clean on the inside feeling needs
to be changed it's a rock-hard so that's
normal fuel shut off here has a pulley
on it normally adjustable tapes that
could be unscrewed here modified for
different thicknesses belt it has the
street through exhaust kind of like what
they used on a few racing models I have
had models too had the big canister type
exhaust so this is the kill switch wire
not hooked up to anything throttle
control I got it that was all well how
about this I'm gonna play the video of
the first time this engine has ran in 20
years and I never ran it since the end
of this video so
this lever here was originally very
stiff and it wouldn't work so right now
it's all broken loose you could see that
he has it set so it doesn't rev up past
a certain point so the screws all the
way out so for racing you just I guess
remove that change it I know somewhere I
have the air filter for it like the
style that goes on it kind of like a
chainsaw let's say style one but I'm as
of right now I am not including it in
talked option but if I do find it I'll
toss it in
so don't sign me get quite the emails
asking did I find it yet because that's
yeah it's somewhere in the scratch here
and I really don't want to start looking
for it so basically from what I could
see it engine seems to be a pretty solid
engine seems to run good ok so I decided
I'll pull off the muffler kind of showed
you guys to shape it a pest and I
already know it's a nice shape not sure
all that well you can see both rings I
just gave it a shot of wd-40 something
just so much a little bit lubed up a bit
better sorry there you see both rings
are in very nice shape anyway just
wanted to show you that up and down wise
there's no crank play whatsoever cranks
very tight so can't really show you with
one hand and of course the police just
adjustable type that's what just moved
there so an old crank play even side to
side here there's nothing that's what
that noise is the recoil you're hearing
sent away I just it's a solid engine
starting at a penny I guess so anyway
next clip we'll be starting her anyway I
thought I'd show here's muffler a nice
shape if you want to call it that a
muffler so same idea is what was on my
Quinton chainsaw that I had before so
gas get two screws anyway I know I could
put gas in this start it up now but it's
it's winter outside we still got lots of
snow I don't exactly want to start
starting it up outside or in the garage
here because you know it's a two-stroke
and with that exhaust is very loud so
anyway last time it has started and ran
is in this video which was in the fall
so I know it's going to run now it has
spark it's going to be good so anyway
sweet